as you know I have a couple of jobs not
only do I serve as a talk show host I
also serve the people as a TV judge with
my trusty bailiff Guillermo we operate
our own functioning small claims court
these are real cases with real litigants
who were judicious enough to put their
legal fates in the capable hands of
Judge James this is the plaintiff Cathy
Hall she claims she hired the defendants
to renovate her bathroom only to be left
with a subpar and damaged potty she's
suing for seven thousand five hundred
forty-one dollars and eighty eight cents
these are the defendants Jason and Navi
novel they maintain their work was
adequate and offered to fix the minimal
damage and that's when the plaintiff
threw a fit and became totally
unreasonable it's the case of the
bathroom blunder raise your right hand
but you were about to witness is real
the participants are not actors they're
actual litigants with a case pending in
civil court both parties have agreed to
drop their claims to have their case
decided here by Judge James judge James
the caught on the door oh my god okay
Judge James now has a fray in his robe
hi Guillermo hi how are you doing good
thank you
good you may be seated oh yeah you can
see Donna judge James is having a bad
day already yeah you also don't try to
do my job what you also tried to do my
job
against husband the story of your honor
all right very good
our plaintiff is Kathy Hall nothing yes
what is your complaint today him him
okay the defendants are Jason and avi a
Jason yes sir avi when you say him you
mean Jason or avi well the company in
total but Jason okay what does the name
of your company in and I'll be loose in
and out burgers almost
goodness Oh in and out builders yes sir
oh you've never had any trouble with the
in and out burgers people no well maybe
that'll be our next case
so there's remodel on the bathroom yes
what happened well I originally hired
him to redo the floor replace the vanity
and replace the toilet
$2,500 mm-hmm the next morning I went
into the bathroom and found that they
had drilled holes into my vanity that I
purchased to attach a toilet paper roll
holder that was not supposed to be
attached you told us to do it that's a
lot there was a vanity on the right side
shower door on the left side and then
you have the back drive well where you
gonna put the paper cup there in the
living room nobody even asked so you
were gonna have a bathroom without a
toilet paper holder no I bought a stand
no you never provided to us after the
fact that we provide you a stand okay
two holes in the vanity these are screw
holes yeah and the screws were sticking
through about it she's swimming for
$7,000 for two holes in the Venice
that's not it what else are you suing
for just a marble backsplash out of the
box they used a box cutter and scratch
scratch the entire marble backsplash
with the box you have photograph
photographs evidence Locker is that true
that your workers scratched my workers
said it was like that show me why did
your workers install marble that hand up
we got you to scratch within bezel
it's alway prostate oh sorry across it
okay if I would see there's multiple
other things wrong they were silicone
that's a lot that's a lie oh you liar
that's a lot cornered me in the back me
I call on you in the bathroom sighs
after this whole process you see his
attitude hold on one second I'm
recording of her screaming like crazy no
she screamed at me before
no she
before she wasn't screaming how old was
the camel hey who's the judge here don't
worry about the camel I'm gonna get to
the cow now what happened you offered a
camel fur and this is your daughter this
is my daughter well first of all
congratulations you know I am a judge I
could marry the two of you right now
thank God no I don't need I'd have to do
with him the rest of my life
Bobby you have anything to say here go
say hello it's then he came back later
with edible arrangements oh that's nice
I'm a nice guy I'm trying I was trying
to work it out you know was there a lot
of melon in it or was it raw like
pineapple and strawberry you threw it
away
issue hot grain I'm just trying if you
pay me I wouldn't hug it right no that's
right okay I'm gonna go to my quarters
and take an advil and I will come back
with my ruling on this case will Judge
James rule in favor of the unhappy
homeowner or the bumbling bathroom
brothers and who will get custody of the
camel you'll find out when Judge James
returns this homeowner claims the
defendant constructed a crappy commode
this defendant maintains his washroom
work was wonderful and this boisterous
bailiff is ready for his bathroom break
Judge James is about to rule let's
listen hi everyone I'm back you can sit
down oh well emotions were really
running high here in this case and I can
see that you don't like each other
that's an understatement
okay mr. novel you offered miss hall
Kamel for her daughter we got that you
gave her an edible arrangement you did
not accept the camel or the edible
arrangement no mr. Naville had a certain
point did you offer any kind of a cash
reimbursement to miss Hall Oh forth two
thousand dollars back two thousand
dollars do you agree that if there was a
scratch in the marble that your worker
should have seen that
yes sir and I will say this on a
personal level a bathroom is a sacred
place sanctuary if you will work for me
personally some of my most private
thoughts are had and I treasure my time
in the bathroom and I know how important
it is and with that said I am going to
rule in favor of the plaintiff for
$2,000 the other contractor more than
that you did when the gavel hits the
thing it's it's over so all right all
right Judge James has rendered his
verdict let's speak with the defendant
first you know you offer $2,000 in the
text messages and judge James gave her
$2,000 whole thing was a waste of time
wasn't it it was a waste of time and let
it over and we're done we're done now
what about the proposal what if she had
said yes the daughter you have a wife
and kids I do it would they have been
okay with that no no okay
dodged the bullet all right well let's
now speak with the plaintiff let me ask
you real quick are you happy with Judge
James verdict I'm okay with the verdict
you okay let me just tell you he did a
nice thing he offered you an edible
arrangement and let's see what we have
here we have a right here do me a favor
grab a pineapple star will you grab a
pineapple star babysit someone that
looks like a pineapple grab it and you
grab one too
do me a favor toast each other come on
that's all over yes good friends come on
come on come on on the next judge James
what's this about sex toys I'm reading
that's some craziness
are you missing sex toys oh um no I'm
not how big is the toys the sex toys
about this big
if you liked that video click the
subscribe button but only if you're
ready for commitment